change sorting documentation (#1746)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/sorting.md

Sorting is a fundamental component of data analysis. Basic sorting is trivial: just calling `sort!` will sort all columns, in place:

```jldoctest sort

> julia> using DataFrames, CSV,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> using DataFrames, CSV
```

julia> first(iris, 4)
4×5 DataFrame
│ Row │ SepalLength │ SepalWidth │ PetalLength │ PetalWidth │ Species     │
│     │ Float64⍰    │ Float64⍰   │ Float64⍰    │ Float64⍰   │ String⍰     │
├─────┼─────────────┼────────────┼─────────────┼────────────┼─────────────┤
│ 1   │ 5.8         │ 4.0        │ 1.2         │ 0.2        │ Iris-setosa │
│ 2   │ 5.7         │ 3.8        │ 1.7         │ 0.3        │ Iris-setosa │
│ 3   │ 5.7         │ 4.4        │ 1.5         │ 0.4        │ Iris-setosa │
│ 4   │ 5.5         │ 3.5        │ 1.3         │ 0.2        │ Iris-setosa │

julia> last(iris, 4)
4×5 DataFrame
│ Row │ SepalLength │ SepalWidth │ PetalLength │ PetalWidth │ Species         │
│     │ Float64⍰    │ Float64⍰   │ Float64⍰    │ Float64⍰   │ String⍰         │
├─────┼─────────────┼────────────┼─────────────┼────────────┼─────────────────┤
│ 1   │ 5.1         │ 2.5        │ 3.0         │ 1.1        │ Iris-versicolor │
│ 2   │ 5.0         │ 2.0        │ 3.5         │ 1.0        │ Iris-versicolor │
│ 3   │ 5.0         │ 2.3        │ 3.3         │ 1.0        │ Iris-versicolor │
│ 4   │ 4.9         │ 2.4        │ 3.3         │ 1.0        │ Iris-versicolor │
```

> Keywords used above include `rev` (to sort a column or the whole `DataFrame` in reverse),

Reviewer: The existing text could be confusing: this doesn't sort a column in isolation.
```suggestion
Keywords used above include `rev` (to sort in reverse),
```

> and `by` (to apply a function to rows of a column/`DataFrame`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `by` (to apply a function to values before comparing them).
```
